docs/resume.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: Resume
permalink: /resume/
---

**Educational background**
==========================

2012-2015
:   **PhD, Computer Science** @ Università degli Studi di Firenze, Florence IT

    *Thesis title: New classes of adaptive cubic regularization
     algorithms for unconstrained optimization*

---

2009-2011
:   **MSc, Mathematics** @ Università degli Studi di Firenze, Florence IT

    *Grade: 110/110 cum laude*

---

2006-2009
:   **BSc, Mathematics** @ Università degli Studi di Firenze, Florence IT

    *Grade: 110/110*


**Work Experience**
===================

2018-Present
:   **Data Scientist/Research Engineer** @ Verizon Connect, Florence IT

    *AI (classical and deep learning algorithms, LLMs) on video feedback and
     telematics data. Development of vehicle routing algorithms and LLM-powered
     enterprise applications.*

---

2014-2018
:   **Research Engineer** @ Fleetmatics, Florence IT

    *Development of vehicle routing algorithms.*

---

2012-2014
:   **Operations Research Analyst** @ KKT, Florence IT

    *Development of vehicle routing algorithms. Development of demand
     forecasting and inventory planning models.*

---

2010-2012
:   **Museum Guide** @ Giardino di Archimede, Florence IT

    *Occasional guided tours of a science museum for students, mainly
     from high schools.*

Commit message:

Enhance SEO and site structure: add SEO tags, update metadata, and include sitemap; refine publications and resume pages with detailed descriptions and keywords.

docs/resume.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Resume - Tommaso Bianconcini"
description: "PhD in Computer Science with expertise in optimization algorithms, vehicle routing, AI, and LLMs. Data Scientist at Verizon Connect with 10+ years experience in research and development."
keywords: "resume, CV, data scientist, PhD computer science, optimization, vehicle routing, AI, LLM, Verizon Connect, Florence Italy"
permalink: /resume/
---

**Educational background**
==========================

2012-2015
:   **PhD, Computer Science** @ Università degli Studi di Firenze, Florence IT

    *Thesis title: New classes of adaptive cubic regularization
     algorithms for unconstrained optimization*

---

2009-2011
:   **MSc, Mathematics** @ Università degli Studi di Firenze, Florence IT

    *Grade: 110/110 cum laude*

---

2006-2009
:   **BSc, Mathematics** @ Università degli Studi di Firenze, Florence IT

    *Grade: 110/110*


**Work Experience**
===================

2018-Present
:   **Data Scientist/Research Engineer** @ Verizon Connect, Florence IT

    *AI (classical and deep learning algorithms, LLMs) on video feedback and
     telematics data. Development of vehicle routing algorithms and LLM-powered
     enterprise applications.*

---

2014-2018
:   **Research Engineer** @ Fleetmatics, Florence IT

    *Development of vehicle routing algorithms.*

---

2012-2014
:   **Operations Research Analyst** @ KKT, Florence IT

    *Development of vehicle routing algorithms. Development of demand
     forecasting and inventory planning models.*

---

2010-2012
:   **Museum Guide** @ Giardino di Archimede, Florence IT

    *Occasional guided tours of a science museum for students, mainly
     from high schools.*
